Update network_increase_bandwidth.md (#11497)
lxc/lxd: doc/howto/network_increase_bandwidth.md

## Increase the transmit queue length on the instances

You must also change the `txqueuelen` value for all Ethernet interfaces in your instances.
There are two alternative ways to do this:

> - apply the same changes as described above for the LXD host, or

Reviewer: @ru-fu do we need a capital for first letter here?

Reviewer 2: Yes, and we shouldn't use an "or" at the end of a list item. I added a suggestion. :)

> There are two alternative ways to do this:
> 
> - apply the same changes as described above for the LXD host, or
> - set the `queue.tx.length` device option on the instance profile or configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To do this, use one of the following methods:

- Apply the same changes as described above for the LXD host.
- Set the `queue.tx.length` device option on the instance profile or configuration.
```

Author: applied. Thanks!
